Updates Android builder to be more encapsulated, configurable and complete (#127)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-builders-community: android/README.md

These instructions assume that you have [Android SDK](https://developer.android.com/studio/index.html) installed and can build the subject Android application locally on your workstation.  
# Usage

### 1. Deploy the builders

Deploy the builders that you require to Google Cloud Registry.  Provide the api level you'd like to build for using the `_ANDROID_VERSION` substitution.  This will result in a docker image tagged with the api version.

For a normal Android SDK build using api level 28:

```bash
gcloud builds submit --config=cloudbuild.yaml --substitutions=_ANDROID_VERSION=28
# ...
# Step #2: Successfully tagged gcr.io/project-id/android:28
```

Use the `cloudbuild-ndk.yaml` file to build docker images that also include the NDK. For an Android SDK build using api level 28 and the NDK:

```bash
gcloud builds submit --config=cloudbuild-ndk.yaml --substitutions=_ANDROID_VERSION=28
# ...
# Step #2: Successfully tagged gcr.io/project-id/android:28-ndk-r17b
```

### 2. Create a cloudbuild.yaml file

Create a `cloudbuild.yaml` file based on your needs and save it in the root of your project.

> Check out the [complete sample](samples/build-test-deploy.yaml) for some ideas of how to accomplish this.

Reviewer: s/sample/example/
```suggestion
Check out the [complete example](examples/build-test-deploy.yaml) for some ideas of how to accomplish this.
```

```bash
gcloud builds submit --config=cloudbuild.yaml --substitutions=_CONFIG_BUCKET=my-app-config,_ARTIFACT_BUCKET=my-app-artifacts,_CACHE_BUCKET=my-app-cache
```

#### 5c. Add a git trigger

In order for Google Cloud Build to automatically build your app when commits are pushed to Github, you'll have to create a trigger.  This can only be done via the [Cloud Build Web Interface](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/triggers).

Choose a name, specify a branch or tag, and fill in the substitution variables.

Substitution variables depend on your `cloudbuild.yaml` configuration, but the example configuration uses the following:

| Name | Value |
| --- | --- |
| `_ARTIFACT_BUCKET` | my-build-artifacts |
| `_CACHE_BUCKET` | my-build-cache |
| `_CONFIG_BUCKET` | my-build-config |

# Contact Us

Please use [issue tracker](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/android-cloud-build/issues)
on GitHub to report any bugs, comments or questions regarding SDK development.

We welcome all usage-related questions on [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/google-android-cloud-build)

> tagged with `google-cloud-container-builder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tagged with `google-cloud-build`.
```
